Reconciliation APIs authentication mechanism ADR (#113)
microsoft/ccf-app-samples: data-reconciliation-app/docs/adr/04-Authentication.md

- By [Signing](https://microsoft.github.io/CCF/main/use_apps/issue_commands.html#signing) the request contents with the user private key, following the scheme described [here](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-cavage-http-signatures-12).

A unique certificate digest is generated from the certificate to act as the member's or user's unique identifier 

### Option2: JWT Authentication

JWT (JSON Web Token) bearer authentication allows to use an external identity provider (IdP) such as the Microsoft Identity Platform for user authentication in CCF.

Once the user has acquired a token from an IdP supported by the app, they can include it in HTTP requests in the Authorization header as bearer token. The CCF app validates the token and can then use the user identity and other claims embedded in the token.

CCF provides support for managing public token signing keys required for validating tokens. In the future, CCF will support validating token signatures natively (currently the responsibility of apps).

## Decision

We will go with **Certificate Authentication** implementation because it will achieve the following point.

> - Time and effort effective, as we alreay have an existing impelementation sample on banking-app

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
- Time and effort effective, as we already have an existing implementation sample on banking-app
```

- The least reliant on external components, which will keep our sample simple (no need for an identity provider to issue and validate tokens)
- No UI implementation in current phase. (later if we're going to create a UI, it is better to go with **JWT Authentication** implementation)

## Consequences

> Implementing authentication service based on CCF certificate authentication to identifies users and members on each request.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Implementing authentication service based on CCF certificate authentication to identify users and members on each request.
```
